The person who gave me the best advice about my career would probably
be the people that are really close to me when I was going through each
of the jobs that I was going to be. So for instance it would probably
be the people beside me when I was going to school. That would
be like maybe the teachers or the instructors. Once I got to my first
ship it would probably be the chiefs and the senior chiefs who kind
of gave me at least some kind of motivation to be like them. They
didn't really teach me, well I didn't get the advice from the things
that they showed me, but it's more like the way to be a chief, the
way to be in the military you know. That part is like more valuable
for me wanting to stay in the military and keep in the military rather
than like this is how you charge an electrical device or something
like that so. After I got out of the military, I actually was looking
more towards the people not even in the military. So I'm in USC's,
University of Southern California's Institute for Creative Technologies,
and I've gotten a lot of really good advice for my military
career from people who aren't even in the military themselves. Just
because they have, they understand what it takes to be in the military
and where the future of the military lies. And kind of without that
advice, I guess I wouldn't think about the military in a civilian
type of way. So I'm really thankful to all three of them, the instructors,
the chiefs and senior chiefs, and the civilians who had an
influence on my life and my military career.